# Changes

Had to switch to linux - Android compilation does not work very well on windows with regard to linking, android studio plugins.
Had to install an older version of NDK due to being unsupported by latest bazel

    wget https://dl.google.com/android/repository/android-ndk-r18-linux-x86_64.zip

Removed the .arm in certain compile commands - the SDL2 make files were ignoring this directive (.arm means only compile on arm platforms. However, SDL would compile these sources on all platforms. Bazel, meanwhile, would respect this and then the required functions would not be included in the final .so)

Changed //third_party/sdl2/app-android/src/main/java/org/libsdl/app/SDLActivity.java to only load `libapp.so`.

Changed //third_party/sdl2/app-android/src/main/java/org/libsdl/app/HIDDeviceManager.java to not load `libhidapi.java`

app-android folder is the corresponding app folder that SDL2 generates on build. Not quite helpful; will reconfigure the project later.

modified lua via force-inclusion of a header to change the output of print statements.

lua file io doesn't work so falling back to SDL's file io internally.

# Caveats

- Didn't finish fully importing optional includes for SDL2-image PNG but it works anyways so...
- Didn't import SDL-image JPG/WEBP support
- Didn't import anything other than ogg-vorbis from SDL-mixer
- Still haven't fixed lua's io module
- Doesn't support files beginning with '.'; couldn't figure out a fix with bazel.

# Library Versions

- SDL2-2.0.9.zip
    - needs the src/ and include/ folder moved/linked as 
    	- third_party/SDL/src/
	    - third_party/SDL/include/
- the app-android folder was generated by SDL2's ./
- SDL2_mixer-2.0.4.zip
    - `mv SDL2_mixer-2.0.4/* third_party/SDL_mixer/`
- SDL2_image-2.0.4.zip
    - `mv SDL2_image-2.0.4/* third_party/SDL_image/`
- SDL2_ttf-2.0.14.zip
    - `mv SDL2_ttf-2.0.14/* third_party/SDL_ttf/`
- lua
	- needs src/ as
	    - third_party/lua/src/
# Build

    bazel build //third_party/sdl2/app-android/src/main:app --fat_apk_cpu=x86 --spawn_strategy=standalone
